# NLP Application
This repository contains multiple NLP projects with each using their own methodology. These projects were used as a POC to gain more insight on what NLP is and what can be achieved. The following methodlogies were used:

- **[Supervised learning](https://github.com/EnsarIshakoglu/NLP/tree/supervised-model)**: Another prototype we created, was a supervised learning model. We trained this model ourselves by using Stackoverflow questions as training data. Every Stackoverflow question has tags. We trained our model by giving the question as training data and the tags as the solution. By doing this, we were able to create an application which was able to correctly predict a topic of a given text for 70% of the time. We realised this wasn't the desired solution however, because the supervised model was only able to predict topics on which it was trained on. This meant the model won't be able to improve itself as it would need constant training to recognise new skills.
- **[Using a pre-trained model](https://github.com/EnsarIshakoglu/NLP/tree/pre-trained-model)**: One of the prototypes created, was an NLP app which made use of NLTK's pre-trained topic modelling model. By using this, we saw the capabilities of what can be achieved by using a pre-trained model and what it lacks to be used in our assignment. One of the things this model lacked was Reinforcement learning. Because there was no Reinforcement learning involved we realised that this model won't be able to improve itself and select the topics we want it to select.

# Findings
By creating two prototypes we were able to gain more insight on how NLP should be used for assignment. We think that an unsupervised model with reinforcement learning will be the best for this assignment. Adding reinforcement learning will help the AI to improve itself when selecting topics. By using an unsupervised model we also hope that the AI will not focus on recognising topics on which it was trained to, but instead learn to understand the context of the text and select the topic. 
